Welcome back.
I have a fun little exercise for you, and I know I call every single exercise fun, but I think this
one is especially fun.
Now, one of the most popular interview questions when it comes to linked lists is to reverse a linked
list.
What do I mean by that?
Well, an interviewer is going to say we have a linked list here.
How would you go about reversing this list?
If I have a list over here, that is 110, 16, 18.
How can you make the list?
The link list?
Go from 88 to 16 to 10 to 1.
How would you reverse it and flip it?
And we're going to use a singly linked list for this exercise.
And all we want to do is create a new method.
That is going to say reverse.
And this method in here will have to do some magic that will reverse this force.
Remember, we're not just printing out an array.
We want a reversed link list that now has 88 referencing, 16 that has referencing or pointing to ten
and ten pointing to one and one pointing to no.
How would you go about doing this?
Good luck with this exercise and I'll see you in The Solution video.
Bye bye.